doc: Add trusted storage library (#13581)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/security/security.rst

For more information, see the hardware unique key :ref:`library <lib_hw_unique_key>` and :ref:`sample <hw_unique_key_usage>`.

> Trusted storage in |NCS|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trusted storage in the |NCS|
```

************************

> There are several options for storing keys and other important data persistently when developing applications with |NCS|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several options for storing keys and other important data persistently when developing applications with the |NCS|.
```

Different storage options have different features.

> One of the options is the use of trusted storage library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the options is to use the :ref:`trusted_storage_readme` library.
```

> Trusted storage library enables the users to provide features like integrity, confidentiality and authenticity of the stored data, without using the TF-M Platform Root of Trust (PRoT).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The trusted storage library enables the users to provide features like integrity, confidentiality and authenticity of the stored data, without using the TF-M Platform Root of Trust (PRoT).
```

Trusted storage library implements the PSA Cerified Secure Storage API.
It consists of PSA Internal Trusted Storage API and PSA Protected Storage API.

> The Internal Trusted Storage and the Protected Storage are designed to work in environments both with security by separation through use of Cortex-M Security Extensions (CMSE) and without.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Internal Trusted Storage and the Protected Storage are designed to work in :ref:`environments both with and without security by separation <app_boards_spe_nspe>`.
```

For more information, see the hardware unique key :ref:`library <lib_hw_unique_key>` and :ref:`sample <hw_unique_key_usage>`.

Trusted storage in the |NCS|
****************************

There are several options for storing keys and other important data persistently when developing applications with the |NCS|.
Different storage options have different features.
One of the options is to use the :ref:`trusted_storage_readme` library.

The trusted storage library enables the users to provide features like integrity, confidentiality and authenticity of the stored data, without using the TF-M Platform Root of Trust (PRoT).
The library implements the PSA Cerified Secure Storage API.
It consists of PSA Internal Trusted Storage API and PSA Protected Storage API.

The Internal Trusted Storage and the Protected Storage are designed to work in :ref:`environments both with and without security by separation <app_boards_spe_nspe>`.

> The two APIs used in the trusted storage library are also offered as secure services by the TF-M.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The two APIs used in the trusted storage library are also offered as secure services by TF-M.
```

> While TF-M enables security by separation, building and isolating security-critical functions in SPE and applications in NSPE, the trusted storage is used in environments with no TF-M and separation of firmware.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While TF-M enables security by separation, building and isolating security-critical functions in SPE and applications in NSPE, the trusted storage can be used in environments with no TF-M and separation of firmware.
```
